CodeGenCodeLens release note (#7996)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

## October 2025

> - **Behavior change**: The CodeGenCodeLens feature for creating models from your sources with a click of a button has been temporarily removed from the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> due to compatability issues. We plan on reintroducing this feature in the near future for both the IDE and VS Code extension.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: The CodeGenCodeLens feature for creating models from your sources with a click of a button has been temporarily removed from the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> due to compatibility issues. We plan to reintroduce this feature in the near future for both the IDE and the VS Code extension.
```
